A full report consisting of all of the following components (15 marks):
Introduction where you discuss the business problem and who would be interested in this project.
Data where you describe the data that will be used to solve the problem and the source of the data.
Methodology section which represents the main component of the report where you discuss and describe any exploratory data analysis that you did, any inferential statistical testing that you performed, if any, and what machine learnings were used and why.
Results section where you discuss the results.
Discussion section where you discuss any observations you noted and any recommendations you can make based on the results.
Conclusion section where you conclude the report.



1. Introduction

1.1 Problem Statement
Harambe is a Singapore Citizen and a newly wed who wants to buy a residental property. He is unsure of the location of his new home to be, with his main restraint being cost.
He also wants to have a home which is near to a gym and other amenities, as he likes to exercise.

1.2 Intended Audience
The intended audience would be interested buyers of residental property; situated near gyms and have a budget, such as harambe.

2. Data 

2.1 Datasets
2.1.1 Data of 'Rentals of Non-Landed Residential Buildings, Quarterly' is obtained from the Singapore Land Authority (https://data.gov.sg/dataset/rentals-of-non-landed-residential-buildings-with-at-least-10-rental-contracts-signed-in-1q2016)
In it contains the summary statistics (median, 25th percentile, 75th percentile and number of rental contracts) of major non-landed private residential projects
with at least 10 rental contracts signed in a quarter. 
This will be our main data set, and gives us the feature price for the different districts.

2.1.2 Postal codes and districts in Singapore are obtained from Wikipedia (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_codes_in_Singapore)
The data from the Html file can be converted into a Dataframe, the district codes as well as descriptions will be extracted from the table, this table can be appended
onto the rental contracts, providing the neighbourhood names apart from the district codes.

2.1.3 Data of Gyms in Singapore is obtained from Singapore Health Promotion Board (https://data.gov.sg/dataset/gymssg)
In it contains the GEOjson data for the gyms in singapore. The geodata can provide points in the folium map for data visualisation

2.2 Foursquare API
Foursquare API can be leveraged to explore venues around the desired area, explore trending venues, and look at the tips for some of these places.
These venues can be plotted on the folium map provided by the folium library.

3. Methodology
The datasets are imported as such:
    The wikipedia (2.1.2) table data is imported into a Dataframe through the pandas method - read_html
    The csv file (2.1.1) is imported into a Dataframe through the pandas method - read_csv
    The geojson (2.1.3) file is read through the folium method - geojson
Data wrangling is done to:
    Remove unwanted columns, rename columns, and join the two dataframes together
Data visualisation:
    Data is visualised through a histogram, showing the Median Prices/Sqft of Rental Properties in Q3, 2020 and a box plot, showing the mean median price statistics per district
    Gym locations in Singapore are marked on a folium map
Data analysis:
    The mean median is obtained by grouping projects by their districts and then sorted in ascending order. The top 8 districts are obtained from the dataframe.
    Through analysis from the map and the locations of the cheapest districts, we can infer that:
    - district 17 has no gyms nearby
    - district 26 has 3 gyms around 'Upper Thomson'
    - district 25 has 2 gyms at the centre of 'woodlands' and district 23 has 3 gyms spread out across a large area
    - district 27 only has 1 gym 
    Thus, Harambe has decided to explore the area around 'Upper Thomson' 

4. Results
Through the methodology, Harambe has decided to purchase a house around 'Upper Thomson'. There are 20 venues around Thomson, Springleaf Singapore in a 500m radius. Many of which are eateries. There are no trending venues nearby.

5. Discussion
Future work can be done to build a regression model to predict the housing prices based on features (bedrooms, toliets, dwelling type, location) of the house

6. Conclusion
By performing data analysis and visualisation, the desired housing location was determined for Harambe, by filtering the areas based on cost per square foot and vicinity of gyms, Harambe sucessfully narrowed down his search scope to a single location.
The foursquare API was used to explore areas around the location and visualised through plotting  
1. trending places near the places
2. parks and desired amenities near the places
3. read tips on the places found




To do so Harambe wants to analyze data for rental prices per square feet on residental areas in singapore, as well as utilize the foursquare API to explore the locations
and make an informed choice based on data.